"All conditioned things are impermanent" — when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering.
"As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I." Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
"As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I." Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
A disciplined mind brings happiness.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated — this is the greatest blessing.
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments.
A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings.
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency.
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Action is eloquence.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind.
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
All great achievements require time.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
All phenomena are preceded by the mind, created by the mind, and have the mind as their master.
All serious daring starts from within.
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
All things change; nothing perishes.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill.
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi.
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
Almost everything comes from nothing.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it — when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost — Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities — interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Appearances are often deceiving.
Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed.
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
As you think, so shall you become.
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it.
At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
Be as you wish to seem.
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Be the chief but never the lord.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books — especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
Before God we are all equally wise — and equally foolish.
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering.
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
Change in all things is sweet.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Commitment is an act, not a word.
Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring.
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Continuous effort — not strength or intelligence — is the key to unlocking our potential.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!
Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Do all things with love.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious?
Do more than dream: work.
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Do not wait; the time will never be "just right." Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Don’t sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience.
Ethics change with technology.
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together.
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, "Make me feel important." Never forget this message when working with people.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction — faith in fiction is a damnable false hope.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
Fans don't boo nobodies.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Fortune favors the brave.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Friendship needs no words — it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship — never.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Friendships are the family we make — not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Give, even if you only have a little.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
Go to your bosom: Knock there and ask your heart what it doth know.
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
God always takes the simplest way.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. How on earth can you explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? Put your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour. Sit with that special girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That's relativity.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
He who angers you conquers you.
He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who hath many friends hath none.
He who is contented is rich.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead.
Hell, there are no rules here — we're trying to accomplish something.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
History is written by the victors.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Honesty is the best policy.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
I am not the first Buddha who came upon Earth, nor shall I be the last. In due time, another Buddha will arise in the world — a Holy One, a supremely enlightened One, endowed with wisdom in conduct, auspicious, knowing the universe, an incomparable leader of men, a master of angels and mortals.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
I believe that every person is born with talent.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
I can, therefore I am.
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me.
I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars; I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
I look forward to a great future for America — a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
I never did a day's work in my life.  It was all fun.
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
I never think of the future — it comes soon enough.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
I owe my solitude to other people.
I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
I think and that is all that I am.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
I took a speed-reading course and read "War and Peace" in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
I will prepare and someday my chance will come.
I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
I'm astounded by people who want to "know" the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across?
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
If you have one true friend, you have more than your share.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back, they're yours; if they don't, they never were.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
If you want to go east, don't go west.
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Ignorance never settles a question.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, "Just watch!"
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Imagination is more important than knowledge...
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
Imagination rules the world.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Independence is happiness.
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought — particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
It is no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
Joy is the best makeup.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings.
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.
Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves.
Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine — and shadows will fall behind you.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
Leave no stone unturned.
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom.
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Life is about timing.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, "What are you doing for others?"
Light tomorrow with today!
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Love cures people — both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Love is a serious mental disease.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense.
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
May all beings have happy minds.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Meditate … do not delay, lest you later regret it.
Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
My friends are my estate.
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
Never complain and never explain.
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
Never explain — your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Never find fault with the absent.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Never mistake motion for action.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Never, never, never give up.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
No garden is without its weeds.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
No man was ever wise by chance.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise.
No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
None knows the weight of another's burden.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows.
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
Once you label me you negate me.
One fails forward toward success.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
One should not hurt others if one loves oneself.
One should train in deeds of merit—generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind—that yield long-lasting happiness.
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Our distrust is very expensive.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
Our intention creates our reality.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
Our passion is our strength.
Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Peace begins with a smile.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals — that is, goals that do not inspire them.
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Pitching is the art of instilling fear.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh.
Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
Quality is not an act; it is a habit.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world — above, below, and across — unhindered, without ill will, without enmity.
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world…
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good.
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course.
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy.
Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure.
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
Skill to do comes of doing.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
So much technology, so little talent.
So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.
Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life — think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works.
Technology has to be invented or adopted.
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet.
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
Technology is teaching us to be human again.
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories.
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable.
Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is.
Technology… is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
Technology… the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
That old law about "an eye for an eye" leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly — that is what each of us is here for.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
The beginning is always today.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
The best way out is always through.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what's pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
The cautious seldom err.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.
The doors of wisdom are never shut.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life.
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.
The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society — more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance — it is the illusion of knowledge.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
The human spirit must prevail over technology.
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
The key to wisdom is this — constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
The only journey is the one within.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
The only time to buy these is on a day with no "y" in it.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
The root of suffering is attachment.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
The simplest things are often the truest.
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else?
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
The years teach much which the days never know.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
There are three faithful friends — an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
There is no passion to be found playing small — in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
There is nothing permanent except change.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
There is only one success — to be able to spend your life in your own way.
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
They can conquer who believe they can.
They can do all because they think they can.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations.
Things do not change; we change.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature.
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
To find a man's true character, play golf with him.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
To have much learning and skill, to be well-trained in discipline, and good in speech — this is the highest blessing.
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
To lead people walk behind them.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation — this is the greatest blessing.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit under the shade of it.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
True friends stab you in the front.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster.
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax.
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
We are wiser than we know.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
We can only learn to love by loving.
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
We know what we are but know not what we may be.
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
We must become the change we want to see.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
We need never be ashamed of our tears.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.
We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
Well begun is half done.
Well done is better than well said.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
What worries you masters you.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing.
Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed.
When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again.
When in doubt, don't.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
When we are no longer able to change a situation — we are challenged to change ourselves.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
When written in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Where there is love there is life.
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Wisdom begins at the end.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
Wisdom is found only in truth.
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom — and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
You always succeed in producing a result.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success — or are they holding you back?
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing — after they've tried everything else.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
You can do it if you believe you can!
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
You cannot have what you do not want.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.
You give before you get.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
You have to believe in yourself.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person.
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
You win the victory when you yield to friends.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way.
You'll see it when you believe it.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Your friend is your needs answered.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.